News222: corrections to the rollups news item (#898)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _posts/en/newsletters/2022-10-19-newsletter.md

  Bitcoin-Dev mailing list a link to a [detailed research report][light
  ru] he prepared about validity rollups---a type of [sidechain][topic
  sidechains] where the current sidechain state is compactly stored on
  the mainchain.  A user of the
  sidechain can use the state stored on the mainchain to prove how
  many sidechain bitcoins they control.  By submitting a mainchain

>   transaction with that proof, they can withdraw bitcoins from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   transaction with a validity proof, they can withdraw bitcoins they own from the
```

Reviewer: previous text referenced "that proof", but since the previous reference to the proof was deleted, we need to introduce the proof here.
